Casa build guide (#74)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/casa/manual/chapters/10_outer_frame_assembly.md

# Outer Frame Assembly

![](../img/10_1.png)

> The outer frame assembly of Casa is built from 2020 V slot extrusion in two halves. Each half is joined together by a backbone of 2040 extrusion making the enclosure easy to dissemble for moving. The panels, sliding door, electronics, and basement will attach to this main frame. Throughout this stage remember to check for squareness and adjust accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The outer frame assembly of Casa, designed using 2020 V slot extrusion, is assembled in two halves. Each half is joined by a backbone of 2040 extrusion, making the enclosure easy to disassemble for moving. The panels, sliding door, electronics, and basement will attach to this main frame. Throughout this stage, remember to check for squareness and adjust accordingly.
```

> The outer frame assembly uses 8 different extrusions labeled A - H. Some extrusions are the same length but features different cross drill patterns so make sure to pay attention and select the correct extrusion. Cross drills are found on extrusions A, C, D, and H only. If you are cross drilling your own extrusion you may find the cross drill guides useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The outer frame assembly uses eight different extrusions labeled A - H. Some extrusions are the same length but feature different cross-drill patterns, so pay attention and select the correct extrusion. Extrusions A, C, D, and H are the extrusions that have cross-drilling. If you are self-sourcing, you may find the printable cross-drill guides handy.
```

> <!-- We really need a way of defining the extrusions here -->

Reviewer: We should also find some way to communicate that the frame can be assembled with the electronics on the left or right to suit the users' particular needs.

Author: Added a tip block to mention inverting the frame and/or door

!!! tip "Blind Joints"
    ![](../img/10_blind_joints.jpg)

>     The frame of Casa is assembled using blind joints. These are simple and cheap joints that provide excellent strength through metal-to-metal contact. Blind joints require cross drilling the extrusion to allow access to tighten down a button head bolt and also require manual alignment. Make sure that joints are aligned and square when tightening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Casa's frame is assembled using blind joints. These are simple and cheap joints that provide excellent strength through metal-to-metal contact. Blind joints require cross-drilling the extrusion to allow access to tighten down a button head bolt and also require manual alignment. Make sure that joints are aligned and square when tightening.
```

>     **All blind joints are secured using an M5 x 10 BHCS screw.** In the interest of simplifying this manual, we have chosen to omit the button head bolts. Wherever a part interfaces with extrusions in a way that looks like it requires a bolt for a blind joint, then it should be considered a part that requires a bolt.

Reviewer: Probably, should be plural screws, however, there are some consistency problems calling them screws and then switching to bolts.

Also, the second sentence is a little ambiguous. Are they omitted from instructional steps, from pictures, from...?

Author: Lets standardised on "bolt" for the object and "screw" for the action for clarity and consistency.

Author: omitted from images only - clarity added.

>     **All blind joints are secured using an M5 x 10 BHCS screw.** In the interest of simplifying this manual, we have chosen to omit the button head bolts. Wherever a part interfaces with an extrusion in a way that looks like it requires a bolt for a blind joint, then it should be considered a part that requires a bolt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **All blind joints are secured using an M5 x 10 BHCS screw.** In the interest of simplifying this manual, we have chosen to omit the button head bolts. Wherever a part interfaces with extrusions in a way that looks like it requires a bolt for a blind joint, then it should be considered a part that requires a bolt.
```

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        1 x Extrusion A
        3 x Extrusion B
        3 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s1.png)

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        1 x Extrusion A
        3 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s2.png)

!!! note "Orientation"

>     Note that this part is **not** symmetrical. The central cross beam sits closer to the bottom of the enclosure than to the top.

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding some reference dimensions to the image to show that it's asymmetrical?

Author: This is a good idea. Im not sure how best to show clarity of the measurement though. Throwing a dim in there might be confusing what is being measured to where (centrelines / gaps / etc) 

Any thoughts on how to pictorially show that different gaps clearly?

Reviewer: I will give it some thought

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        4 x Extrusion H
        4 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s3.png)

---

> The 2040 extrusions used here form the backbone of Casa. In this step connect to to only a single side. The other half of the enclosure will connect to the other side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2040 extrusions used here form the backbone of Casa. In this step, connect only a single side. The other half of the enclosure will connect to the other side.
```

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion E
        1 x Extrusion F
        6 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s4.png)

---

> Repeat step 1 & 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat steps 1 & 2
```

    ```
![](../img/10_s5.png)

!!! note "Orientation"
    Note that this part is **not** symmetrical. The central cross beam sits closer to the bottom of the enclosure than to the top.

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion C
        2 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s6.png)

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion D
        2 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s7.png)

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion F
        2 x Extrusion B
        6 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s8_1.png)

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion C
        2 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s8_2.png)

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion B
        4 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s9.png)

---

Assemble the two halves together
!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        6 x M5 x 10 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s10.png)

---

!!! info annotate "Components Required"
    ```
        2 x Extrusion E
        4 x 2020 Corner Bracket
        4 x M5 x 8 BHCS
    ```
![](../img/10_s11.png)

---

> Assemble the machine supports to the bottom of the enclosure. Leave the screws loose at this stage to allow repositioning to best fit your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assemble the machine supports to the bottom of the enclosure. Leave the screws loose at this stage to allow the supports to reposition, specifically for your machine.
```

# Outer Frame Assembly

![](../img/10_1.png)

The outer frame assembly of Casa, designed using 2020 V slot extrusion, is assembled in two halves. Each half is joined by a backbone of 2040 extrusion, making the enclosure easy to disassemble for moving. The panels, sliding door, electronics, and basement will attach to this main frame. Throughout this stage, remember to check for squareness and adjust accordingly.

The outer frame assembly uses eight different extrusions labeled A - H. Some extrusions are the same length but feature different cross-drill patterns, so ensure you select the correct extrusion. Extrusions A, C, D, and H are the extrusions that have cross-drilling. If you are self-sourcing, you may find the printable cross-drill guides handy.

!!! tip "Electronics Bay and Door Placement"

>     Casa can be built as shown in these instructions or as a mirror to place the electronics bay on its other side. The door opening side can also be inverted to create a layout that best fits with your space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To position the electronics bay on the opposite side, Casa can also be constructed to mirror the layout illustrated in these instructions. However, the doors **must** be installed on the side **furthest** from your electronics bay. This installation prevents the doors from impeding your ability to hit the e-stop. 
```
